docs(Nuxt): add layer0SourceMaps option (#7)
layer0-docs/layer0-docs: guides/nuxt.md

// nuxt.config.js

module.exports = {
  buildModules: [['{{ PACKAGE_NAME }}/nuxt/module', { layer0SourceMaps: true }]],
}
```

Options:

> - `layer0SourceMaps: true|false`: when true, the serverless build includes sourcemaps files which makes debugging easier using the Log Streamer available in Layer0 Console. On the other hand it increases the serverless bundle side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `layer0SourceMaps: true|false`: when true, the serverless build includes sourcemap files which make debugging easier when tailing the server logs in Layer0 Console. It also increases the serverless bundle side, which may push your deployments over the 50MB (compressed) limit.
```
